>> Brian Holt: Next thing here is gonna
be called function getNextStatus.
It's gonna take in a mole.
>> Brian Holt: And we're gonna go
codify that kinda state machine
that I talked about, that flow.
So we're gonna use a switch statement,
which we've talked about before, switch.
>> Brian Holt: mole.status.
>> Brian Holt: Let's start with sad.
>> Brian Holt: So, if a mole is sad,
>> Brian Holt: The first
thing we do is we're gonna
update its next status.
So, we're gonna say mole.next
equals getSadInterval,
which we already wrote, right?
So this is going to put another
SadInterval on top of that.
And it's gonna go to, become leaving.
So mole.status equals leaving.
Now I chose to make the amount
of time that it's sad and
the amount of time that it's leaving
to be the same thing, right?
It does 500 milliseconds of both.
Or what did I put up here,
it's gonna do a second of both.
But you could have another function up
here called getLeavingInterval, and
you could mess with those times
individually if you want to.
For me,
I'm happy to make them the same thing.
>> Speaker 2: And so the reason that
we would write mole.next equals
getSadInterval again is
because now we are asking for
a new 1,000 milliseconds after the date,
after right now.
>> Brian Holt: Right.
>> Speaker 2: Because we already did
that in when we defined the moles.
>> Brian Holt: Right, so
it has a set interval right here.
That's gonna put its timing 1,000
seconds into the future, right?
Now when it goes from sad to leaving,
it's gonna be leaving for a second, right?
So we're gonna get a new
Date.now plus 1,000.
Make sense?
>> Speaker 2: Yes.
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
>> Speaker 3: So we could have named
it getNextInterval if we use it for
each of the status?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, or
get sad or leaving interval.
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: That works for me too.
>> Speaker 3: Just for
normal English sake.
But yeah, got it.
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then we're going to say mole.source, or
mole.node.source, right?
We're going to change the image
of what it looks like, right?
And we're going to change that to ./ and
what did I call it here, mole-leaving.png.
If you remember,
each one of them has their node on here,
which is like the DOM element that
actually represents the image, right.
>> Speaker 3: Have we written the code yet
for changing the image?
Or how is that connected?
How does it know which
image it's going to next?
Just by the status changing?
>> Brian Holt: Mm-hm, so.
>> Speaker 3: Because that's
connected to a specific image?
>> Brian Holt: So if it's sad, it's gonna
have a sad image like this one, right?
The next image you're going to show
there 100% of the time after sad
is going to be leaving.
>> Speaker 3: Just cuz
that's in the [INAUDIBLE].
>> Brian Holt: We've constrained
our problem to be like that.
>> Speaker 2: Can you scroll down a tiny
bit again to the run again function?
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then after that, we're gonna break.